README.md, before:

# Atombundles

This project was generated with [angular-cli](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0-beta.17.

## Development server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/). 
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Deploying to Github Pages

Run `ng github-pages:deploy` to deploy to Github Pages.

## Further help

To get more help on the `angular-cli` use `ng --help` or go check out the [Angular-CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Updating text, README sections, maintainers, and screenshot

README.md, after:

# Atombundles

Boost the Atom IDE with AtomBundles - a curated list of favorite programming packages.

An easy `Copy&Paste` list of packages to fully complement your favorite programming platform and development experience.

![image](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/316371/19824385/8c59e190-9d77-11e6-9178-4c48782516f6.png)


## Suggest new Bundles or Packages

We encourage the community to suggest a whole new bundle of their creation, or contribute to an existing bundle.

Simply fork this repository and update the file `src/app/bundles.js` with your changes and we'll review.

## Local Development Server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

This project was generated with [angular-cli](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0-beta.17.
Please refer to the home project of angular-cli for more details on development.


## Maintainers

Liran Tal <liran.tal@gmail.com>
Idan Cohen <idan@idancohen.com>

## Further help

To get more help on the `angular-cli` use `ng --help` or go check out the [Angular-CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
